Populate changelog for 0.15.0 release (#1404)
IntelPython/dpctl: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.15.0]

### Added

> 
> * Added `dpctl.tensor.floor`, `dpctl.tensor.ceil`, `dpctl.tensor.trunc` elementwise functions.
> * Added `dpctl.tensor.hypot`, `dpctl.tensor.logaddexp` elementwise functions.
> * Added trigonometric (`dpctl.tensor.sin`, `dpctl.tensor.cos`, `dpctl.tensor.tan`) and hyperbolic (`dpctl.tensor.sinh`, `dpctl.tensor.cosh`, `dpctl.tensor.tanh`) elementwise functions and their inverses (`dpctl.tensor.asin`, `dpctl.tensor.asinh`, `dpctl.tensor.acos`, `dpctl.tensor.acosh`, `dpctl.tensor.atan`, `dpctl.tensor.atanh`).
> * Added `dpctl.tensor.round` function.
> * Added `dpctl.tensor.sign` and `dpctl.tensor.remainder` elementwise functions.
> * Added bitwise elementwsie functions `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_and`, `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_xor`, `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_or`, `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_invert`
> * Added bitwise shift functions `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_left_shift` and `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_right_shift`.
> * Added `dpctl.tensor.atan2` and `dpctl.tensor.singbit` elementwise functions.
> * Added `dpctl.tensor.minumum` and `dpctl.tensor.maximum` binary elementwise functions.
> * Supported equality checking and hashing for `dpctl.SyclPlatform`.
> * Implemented `types` property for all unary and binary elementwise functions  [#1361](https://github.com/IntelPython/dpctl/pull/1361)
> * Added `dpctl.tensor.repeat` and `dpctl.tensor.tile` functions.
> * Added `dpctl.tensor.matrix_transpose ` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Added `dpctl.tensor.floor`, `dpctl.tensor.ceil`, `dpctl.tensor.trunc` elementwise functions.
* Added `dpctl.tensor.hypot`, `dpctl.tensor.logaddexp` elementwise functions.
* Added trigonometric (`dpctl.tensor.sin`, `dpctl.tensor.cos`, `dpctl.tensor.tan`) and hyperbolic (`dpctl.tensor.sinh`, `dpctl.tensor.cosh`, `dpctl.tensor.tanh`) elementwise functions and their inverses (`dpctl.tensor.asin`, `dpctl.tensor.asinh`, `dpctl.tensor.acos`, `dpctl.tensor.acosh`, `dpctl.tensor.atan`, `dpctl.tensor.atanh`).
* Added `dpctl.tensor.round` function.
* Added `dpctl.tensor.sign` and `dpctl.tensor.remainder` elementwise functions.
* Added bitwise elementwise functions `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_and`, `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_xor`, `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_or`, `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_invert`
* Added bitwise shift functions `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_left_shift` and `dpctl.tensor.bitwise_right_shift`.
* Added `dpctl.tensor.atan2` and `dpctl.tensor.signbit` elementwise functions.
* Added `dpctl.tensor.minumum` and `dpctl.tensor.maximum` binary elementwise functions.
* Supported equality checking and hashing for `dpctl.SyclPlatform`.
* Implemented `types` property for all unary and binary elementwise functions  [#1361](https://github.com/IntelPython/dpctl/pull/1361)
* Added `dpctl.tensor.repeat` and `dpctl.tensor.tile` functions.
* Added `dpctl.tensor.matrix_transpose ` function.
```

### Changed

> * Enabled support for Python arithmetic, in-place arithmetic, reflexive arithmetic, comparison, and bitwise operators for `dpctl.tensor.usm_ndarray` type [#1324](https://github.com/IntelPython/dpctl/pull/1324).

Reviewer: Maybe a bullet should be added about roll improvements
